# Directory structure
This repository's directory contains contains three different folders:
- **NR-3DQA**: it contains the .csv files of the 3D models' features extracted by the publicly available code of such metric. In addition, there are .txt files, which are named the same as each .csv file. Each .txt file corresponds to the execution of the algorithm to calculate the score for each model, being the mean of 5 values given by the neural network trained and tested over 5 partitions of training and test data.
- **CloudCompare_Objects**: it contains .bin files that can be openned in by CloudCompare. These files provides the model compared against the reference model. Please, note that when **high** is present in the filename, the high poly model of Luma AI is the one being the reference model, and the other model's type name in the filename is the compared.
- **CloudCompare_Expanded_Polystyrene**: it contains .bin files corresponding to the CloudCompare's accuracy comparison for the expanded polystyrene objects. Due to the big size of this folder and its files, you can access it [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rXv3LoIn0oxNdm-_ey0kZdruagEv2c94?usp=sharing)

We **do not include** a folder for [**MM-PCQA**](https://github.com/zzc-1998/MM-PCQA) metric since the results shown in the paper are those obtained from executing the **test_single_ply.py** file in such repository over the 3D models in PLY format. The code of the repository requires minimal configuration, such as download the WPC weights obtained from the training performed by the authors. You can download or PLY models, which are also needed for NR-3DQA, [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BOtD1k-C_q9K5m9WUMGRFVMVDDqjoVvG/view?usp=drive_link).
